Marquette, so...
I'm stuck.
Oh.
First time in a...   Yes!
So then I started going to the church in Piscinissa.
And I went there in the first day. I just knew that trust
to go to church and I know it's an hour from my house.
But I was like, God, you're going to provide for the gas.
You know like... But it's been really...
It's been so great and the first day I told...
I would like to thank Pastor Paul and my heart for the humility.
and he's like my father-in-law has a church in Japan that they teach English he told it to me.
I was like, what? And then, like three months later, now I'm in Japan.
going on like a mission trip and so...
Um...
You know, I'm going to be now... you know um...
I'm planning on going as a missionary and moving up there. by the end of weekend.
Mmh. Mmh.
No, no, no. It was just to go like to the church to see like...
about their school, yeah, so I...
I ended up finding out that they don't teach specifically the
Fijikomali but the Futoku...
The kids who like, don't go to school.
and um...
So it, it's just like, I felt like God was opening doors and establishing community.
even though I didn't know the language. And I mean, I have been learning.
But it's so hard. It's something about my brain doesn't want to like...
But I think it's just like laying foundation to
layer after layer after layer to get the language.
so...
I'm on my way... Yeah.
mmh
Oh.
Wow...
Yeah
It's like, they didn't even have a break.
almost...
Wow.
Uh-huh.
Right, and I'm sure that there's like the own vernacular, right?
They... Yeah. They just... they just...
YouTube channel where they have like
It's like an onigiri and a hamburger.
Yeah, it's cartoons, but they do these little things. It's a little conversation.
So funny. They're really cute.
Wow.
Right!
mmh
Picked up the language.
And that's my goal before I live. I want to be like...
at least pretty conversational.
Yeah
I do duo lingo. I have that.
mmh